>> Brian: Now, what's cool here,
if I go into details,
I'm gonna show you just
kinda a fun trick here.
So we're gonna take in the props here.
And I wanna see what's actually
coming in from the props.
One, probably just use the dev tools,
cuz that's the easiest way to do it.
But I'm gonna show you
another kind of fun trick
that I did actually learn
from Ryan Florence.
So, I'm gonna say JSON.stringify(prop,
snull, 4)
>> Brian: So, I used pre and code.
So, pre as in preformatted and code and
this is going to be code, right?
And I put JSON stringify, so
this is gonna take props and
put it into like a nice
pretty printed kinda way.
So now if I go in here and I go to
/details/ something like that, right?
Now this might be a little hard for
you to see but I can see everything
that's coming in from the routers.
The routers actually giving
a pretty substantial amount of
information to you, right?
So, it's giving you the path,
the ID, right?
Notice the ID matches this ID up here,
as in if I change it here,
notice it will change down here as well.
The URI and then a bunch of stuff location
like but the port is the hash ,the
state that's all coming in from
the history package, if you're curious.
So, if you do this,
the pre formatted in code with JSON string
if I would with obviously any object in
here, this will give you a nice
pretty printed view of the props.
And this is also useful for
doing with state as well,
if you wanna see how state and
props are changing over time.
It's just a nice little
debugging technique to
dump something out to the dom.
Largely I could also just go,
if I just did Inspect element and
looked at the React devtools here.
I could see the exact same information.
So here in Details, that same information
is available on the right of my screen.
You don't need to read it, but
just know that it's there.
Also, look how many components reach
their outputs in there, it's quite a lot.
You'll see this a lot with libraries
because they have to have multiple
different layers to capture different
parts of it, and that's pretty typical.
I don't write code like this
where you separate it out into
various different behaviors, like this one
has like a location, location provider,
right or implementation, focus handler,
focus handled implementation.
There's a lot going on here.
>> Brian: But
you'll see that a lot in libraries,
which is when this search
functionality becomes useful.
So I can just search for
details and I can find it.
>> Brian: Good, any questions?
>> Brian: All right
>> Brian: So, let's make it so
that when you click this Adopt Me that
it will take you back to the home page,
cuz most people expect that rise, so
I want to show you how to use a link.
So we'll leave this like this for
now and we'll fix it in just a second.
We're gonna go back to app.js and
we're going to wrap this h1 in a link.
So I'm going to put link, and again
I'm going to use the auto import here.
Notice that imported that up
here at reach router on line 3.
And I'll just close that.
And I'm gonna say Link to =/, and
then inside of that link,
I'm gonna put this h1.
>> Brian: And actually let's go ahead and
do it this way.
Let's just,
>> Brian: Get rid of all
the step around link, I'm gonna
actually put this inside of the header.
>> Brian: Like that.
>> Brian: So all I did here is
I deleted the h1 totally, and
then I put header, and
then inside of that I put a link.
This link is ultimately
gonna end up being an A tag,
but the nice thing about using a link
instead of A is that, reach-router will
handle all of the various different
routing mechanisms for you automatically.
I'm sorry.
So just line 11 through 13, there.
>> Brian: Okay?
So let's go take a look at this, so
now you can see here
that if I click on it,
it'll take me back to the homepage, right?
>> Brian: All right, this is mostly what
I wanted to show you about reach-router.
There's a couple other things that
we'll kinda sprinkle in here for
the rest of the course, but
this is like the crux of it.
The routers in and of itself
doesn't have to be very complicated
>> Brian: So there's a commit point here.
The commit that you wanna roll up to
if you wanna get to this point is,
github btholt complete v5, Commits.
We are at Add reach router, right?
So we just did that one,